



Item\_Loader\_Modes - Design For Retrieval (DFR) Help



**Item Loader Modes**


 


The first time data is loaded into the classification it is refered to as the Master Data Load.


 


In the standard version of Design for Retrieval, a category will be created under the To Be Classified super-category using the name of the batch. Once a batch has been loaded into the To Be Classified super-category, the items need to be [assigned to a responsible user](javascript:popuplink('hs6200.htm')), [classified into a category](javascript:popuplink('hs6400.htm')), and technical attribute information can then be added to the items with subsequent Import operations.


 


A batch of items is a list of items that are grouped together and can be worked on as a group.  For example, reports can be generated by batch, a group of items can be retrieved by batch in the Data Developer and validations can be performed on a batch of items.  Also, a group of items can be exported by batch.  This allows an organization to define a group or list of items that are brought into DFR as a batch, managed collectively as a batch and exported as a batch. DFR also allows a user to create a [temporary working batch](javascript:popuplink('hs6500.htm')) to facilitate item management.


 


At the top of the Item Loader screen are three radio buttons labeled **Import Type**, which control the mode of the Item Loader. The Item Loader operates in three modes:


 


**New Batch** mode is used to load a list of unique item identifiers that will define a new **batch** of items.  This initial load of information will be referred to as the **Item Master Load** and will contain basic information for each item including Item Number, Qualifier and Qualifier Type. 


 


**Import** mode adds technical attribute values that are associated with the items previously loaded in a new batch.  An import operation is performed on batch that has already been classified into the appropriate categories using the Item Browser module.


 


**Regenerate** mode is used to load additional unique item identifiers to a previously loaded batch. When regenerating a batch with additional items, the batch file must contain all of the original items in addition to the new items. If any of the original items are missing from the regenerate load file, the regenerate operation will fail.


 


Return to [Item Loader](hs3000.md)


 







